{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue246;\red100\green100\blue100;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16640\viewh12840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf0 seguire gente su twitter\
recensioni\
\
---\
\
\

\b Recensione (ITA)\

\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf0 Buongiorno staff di <nome>, siamo studenti di Informatica all'Universit\'e0 degli studi di Padova e sviluppatori per iPhone e iPad. Vi contattiamo per richiedere una recensione della nostra app.\
\
Grazie in anticipo\
\
Alberto De Bortoli\
Nicola Miotto\
\
---\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Recensione (US)
\b0 \
\
Hi <nome> staff, we are two students of Computer Science at the University of Padua (Italy) and iPhone and iPad developers. We'd like you to review our app on your website. Informations follow.\
\
Thanks in advance \
\
Alberto De Bortoli
\f0\fs38 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Nicola Miotto\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 iTunes
\b0 : http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/speaktweet/id396175265?mt=8\

\b website
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.albertodebortoli.it/speaktweet/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.albertodebortoli.it/speaktweet/}}\

\b twitter
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.twitter.com/speaktweetapp"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.twitter.com/speaktweetapp}}\

\b facebook page
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/pages/SpeakTweet-app-for-iPhone/163610283667728"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.facebook.com/pages/SpeakTweet-app-for-iPhone/163610283667728}}\

\b screenshots
\b0 : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dl.dropbox.com/u/4590945/SpeakTweet%20screenshots.zip"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://dl.dropbox.com/u/4590945/SpeakTweet%20screenshots.zip}}
\f0\fs38 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 mail
\b0 : speaktweetapp@gmail.com\
\

\b Short: 
\f2\i\b0\fs28 \cf3 A cool Twitter client that reads your tweet flows for you.
\f0\i0\fs38 \cf0 \

\b Description
\b0 : S
\f3 peakTweet! is a client for Twitter\'ae that brings voice to your Twitter\'ae feeds. Add your account and SpeakTweet! will read your tweets for you. You can interact and post tweets from the application. Great for driving or use when you need to have your hands free.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs24 \cf0 Vocal synthesis is available only for english language (for now).
\f0\b0\fs38 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Authors
\b0 : 
\f3 Alberto De Bortoli, Nicola Miotto, 2010\
\
\

\f0 \

\b Codici\

\b0 \
\
\
\
V - www.melamorsicata.it\
V - www.ispazio.net\
V - http://www.iphoneitalia.com/soluzioni-pubblicitarie-per-sviluppatori\
troppo macchinoso - iphoneplanet.it\
\
\
V - http://www.iphoneappreviews.net/\
http://www.iphoneappindex.com/ -user: speaktweet psw: asdasd88 ma non si riesce a fare post!!!\
bleah - https://secure.mediabrains.com/marketplaces_addcompany.aspx?siteid=145&utm_source=Appolicious&utm_medium=FrontEnd&utm_term=2&utm_campaign=HomePg\
15 dollari per banner - http://www.iphoneappreview.com/advertise-your-iphone-app\
http://www.appshouter.com/developers-2/\
http://www.freshapps.com/add/\
http://www.apptism.com/?type=bookmarked\
}